salutations my phone lovers it is Maddie
here today bringing you some important
fall for information on its release date
and collector's edition now before
anything be sure to check out the link
in the description in my previous video
that is an update on falafel for
levelling system and how it will likely
not feature skills and focus more on
these special stats along with perks
anyways flop first release date we all
should know by now it is arriving
November 10 2015 worldwide and what's
special about this is a worldwide
release date as in fallout 4 will
beginning in the hands of mine as well
as someone Australia's at the same time
what's special about this is that a lot
of games tend to scatter their release
dates for the US and Canada than Europe
and then australia etc and everyone gets
the games at different time leading to
potential spoilers people getting
impatient and just upset so it's nice
that possesses letting this game come
out on the same day for everyone anyways
let's focus on the pip-boy edition
because a lot of you guys have been
asking about Bethesda's premium
collector's edition and for some details
on it so i figured i go to bed soft calm
and read you guys everything that it
will include and then show it to you so
without further ado let's get into what
this pitboy edition includes sorry it
includes a pip-boy replica stand and
capsule case this wearable device
faithfully replicates the in-game model
and comes complete with robco industry
stand custom printed capsule adjustable
foam cuff rotating knobs and lights
designed to accommodate a variety of
smartphone devices with customizable
foam inserts the pit boy is the ultimate
accessory for the official pitboy
companion mobile app that allows players
to manage their in-game inventory perks
holotapes and more now ladies and
gentlemen I call this pit boy companion
activity if you've been a viewer of my
channel for a long time you know I
called this literally directly to a tee
on what it will allow you to do which is
awesome I like it it doesn't sound too
gimmicky anyways physical Pip Boy pocket
guide featuring handy illustrations and
chock full of all tech approved tips
this manual is the ultimate how to
pocket guide for using and maintain
your new pit boy it features handy
illustrations that sounds to me like
concept art but I feel like it's more of
a tutorial of sorts even though it
shouldn't be too difficult to use why
the hell not right you know gives the
little vault boy charm and all that
stuff anyways physical vault-tec perk
poster keep track of your perks with
your very own physical vault-tec poster
fully colorized retro fun for the
quintessential of wasteland survivor and
what's funny about this is we actually
got a look at the vault-tec poster in
the fall for reveal trailer in the back
corner of the garage so that's actually
quite interesting that we're going to
look at what will be receiving and then
finally power armor collectible metal
packaging sounds awesome exclusive to
the pip-boy edition this decorated metal
case is the ultimate fan collectible
we've seen lots of metal cases before
but nothing beats one with a brotherhood
of steel trooper on the front or some of
the power armor regardless the most
important thing and while you're
probably watching these videos to
determine whether or not it is worth the
money and so here is the wallet concerns
the fault for pitboy edition will be
available to pre-order in the coming
days they're talking about bethesda site
here and in retails for a hundred and
nineteen dollars in the united states
129 euros in europe and 99 pounds in the
UK supplies are extremely limited so
players are encouraged to pre-order
through their preferred stores today as
in bethesda saying basically right now
you can pre-order this game the pitbull
edition wherever Walmart Best Buy etc
but it'll be available on Bethesda's
official site later on supplies are
extremely limited naturally I you know
you should all expect that but like I
said you're watching this video to
determine whether or not this is worth
your money so let's take a look at the
actual stuff you'll beginning so this is
the ps4 edition I got that I'm gonna be
getting for the PS or PC rather
separately but I just want to get you
know a console cop because why the hell
not right I've mainly did it for the
collector's edition anyways so here is
the pip-boy case that will be holding
your pip-boy when you're not using it on
the stand as you can see here we can get
nice and close up with that stuff nice
pixely oh yeah I like that but anyways
on this is the people you can be wearing
below that seems to be the the guy that
they were talking about the the
boy pocket guide on how to use this and
everything which is interesting and then
finally like I said the metal book case
right here looks absolutely beautiful
and only for a hundred and twenty
dollars i feel for me in the US i got
you know one day shipping so this comes
absolutely immediately so i can just put
this pitboy on and game with it on my
wrist that's absolutely awesome so thank
you pathetic but anyways i want to bring
this video to help you guys determine
whether or not this was worth your money
whether it be you know dollars euros or
pounds you decide but anyways this is
what is included in force collector's
edition which will be releasing november
10th 2015 the countdown begins oh man a
little bit more of about five months a
little bit less i'm hyped i hope you
guys are too let me know your thoughts
on the pip-boy edition in the comments
down below other than that be sure to
follow me on twitter like me on facebook
i learn that stay sexy stay active and
love you all